I've worked in Kenya is for the last 17
years and teen yahweh's was formed in
1970 sir it's now celebrating with a
happy City anniversary and it's one of
the leading airlines in Africa so far we
are going to 59 destinations and the
60th destination Livingstone the
beginning operation to live in storm in
the next three weeks or so I learnt
about the course market in the
newspapers and advertisements in the
newspapers which I followed up and then
I went to Swapna massage to inquire more
or because I looked at the models being
offered and I found some of them to be
quite relevant to my setup especially on
the area for family as you know pilots
do not stay home most of the time my
experience has been fun I should say
because I got to know
different people on different areas and
the interaction has been quite
beneficial to me
nearly all the units I would say all the
units have an other local impact but
particularly in the area family that was
the subject rapture the area that I
found more interesting and it has
actually changed my life in a way and
the airline industry cept is a very big
issue and at least contribute being
ethical in your day-to-day operations
going to be quite immensely when they
accept the program I've learnt a lot of
things especially on the area of ethics
I've also benefited in improving my
interpersonal relationship with my
colleagues at work I would encourage
everyone all professionals to and well
for that goes my number three let's go
Frank of the holding area is a lot that
most professionals don't learn
in their respective professions that
market and really important
you